Damn it!
Charlotte has been hidden out.
What are you doing, Maria?
Get on in!
I wanted to sit in darkness and hide my face from the world,
so cruelly disfigured by the hands of my own heartless cousin.
But then I decided to stand up for myself and share my story
and encourage other victims who share a similar story to my own.
Where is Charlotte?
I don't know.
It teamed up with James to embezzle money from the tourist group
and conspired to play with the mice family by selling counterfeit paintings.
The pressor should be aware of all of your grand achievements.
I don't know anything!
How dare you slander my name!
If you only keep your face away, I'll tell me where Charlotte is.
Please!
Also, a key witness in the Charlotte mother's death has just arrived at the police station.
You have 30 seconds to defend your case, or you'll be put behind the bars.